[Data][Docs] Revise "ML Tensor Support" (#34999)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/data/key-concepts.rst

Datastream performs *lineage reconstruction* to recover data. If an application error or
system failure occurs, Datastream recreates lost blocks by re-executing tasks. If ``compute=ActorPoolStrategy(size=n)`` is used, then Ray

> will restart the actor used for computing the block prior to re-executing the task.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
restarts the actor used for computing the block prior to re-executing the task.
```
